before starting any thing you venv is an environment where all packages are installed of python if you have created your venv through python -m venv myenv
because this is only python venv where you can only install python libraries.
But if you have created your venv through conda. conda create -p venv python==3.13 -y. it have conda default packages and can install other languages packages 
also without problem.
conda venv is better for data science and ml projects as it default comes with some packages but python venv only have basic packages means libraries that can
be installed manualy byself.
but conda environment allow us to download packages through conda using pip install -r requirements.txt
venv is an environment where all packages are installed" if venv created through conda packages can also be installed for other languauges also like R c++ python"
for you so that you can work directly importing the python libraries.
right click on venv folder and copy path. and open cmd and for conda venv write . cond activate "copied path" enter. for venv of python created only not through conda.
write in cmd myenv\Scripts\activate. which will activate your venv where all packages are intalled in both venvs like conda(for all 3 languages package downloading optoin and more ) and simple python venv  
but each time you open vs code you have to press ctrl + shift + p to select the python interpreter of your venv path. so that on py file even tho yoy press ctrl + alt + n
your file runs not on simple code runner but on your venv. but in ipynb you can select kernel thats why no need to press anything there just run cell.
but its better to not changing interpreter it can be useless when it shows error sometimes. more convinient way is that open a termianl go in cmd activate your
conda venv and run any file like py or streamlit .py file.
.py file where streamlit is used can show error in running while presseing only ctrl+alt+n even tho you have change you python interpreter.
press ctrl+c while on terminal to stop running a file.